Supply trucks have entered Gaza from The
arids Crossing in the north of the strip
for the first time since October many
Palestinians there are facing starvation
Israel is accused of blocking aid from
the region for months anal Sharif has
more from the
scene we're now in front of the unra
headquarters in jabalia refugee camp in
Northern Gaza where 30 trucks carrying
food and humanitarian Aid have arrived
for the first time through AR
crossing the Israeli occupation forces
have also announced for the first time
since October the 7th the introduction
of the 30 trucks of humanitarian Aid to
Northern Gaza the trucks are carrying
humanitarian Aid FL canned goods Rice
and sugar from Jordan and the World
Health Organization and the world food
program these trucks will be unloaded at
the unrra warehouses and the Aid will be
distributed later also through
unra so what arrived into the north of
Gaza is 30 trucks and it'll be
distributed through an in the next few
days let's get the very latest picture
live from Rafer in southern Gaza T abum
is standing by for us there and T So
Israel say they're taking significant
efforts 358 trucks aring daily but in
reality are the people of Gaza receiving
what they
need well certainly what we can do uh we
what we do know is that Palestinians
have started to feel the impact of the
relative increase of the humanitarian
supplies into the Gaza Strip as the
average of the humanitarian trucks that
are getting into the territory on a
daily basis is less than 170
humanitarian Aid convoys or and and Del
Basin that's completely considered to be
insufficient to match the Ence needs of
gaza's population as the entire
territory has been consuming at least
500 humanitarian commercial trucks on a
daily basis uh in times of pre-conflict
but the reality is that now Aid started
to flow into the Gaza Strip from three
areas of three Crossing we are talking
about ra and Karma Crossing in the South
while uh today AAS of Crossing has
started to practically working on the
ground were at least according to ey
Witnesses on the ground 31 humanitarian
TRS had entered to the north of the
territory loaded with food and medical
supplies but the fact on the ground that
the entire strep is suffering from
unfolding humanitarian crisis due to the
full closure of eight supplies and the
initial days of the of the fighting on
the ground and later with the progress
in negotiations the military had allowed
for a relative increase of Aid into the
Gaza Strip but the entire Gaza STP
according to the United Nations needs a
sustainable and unconditional
humanitarian flow of eight supplies to
avert the signs of famine that is that
are completely looming The Horizon and T
every night of course there's a real
trial for people of Gaza with ongoing uh
strikes happening tell us what's
happened
[Music]
overnight yes uh overnight strikes and
artillery bombardment were extremely
heavy uh the focus of the Israeli
attacks was very pretty much on the
middle area where in the past couple of
hours they've witnessing more attacks on
anat refugee camp they have attacked
hamos in the in the refugee camp there
Ahmed the eyewitnesses have been
reporting on constant bombardment in
alaka area where the battles are still
raging there between Hamas Fighters and
the Israeli soldiers at the same time uh
Palestinian armed groups have been
attacking Israeli troops who are
stationed on nids re Junction in the
middle area as the as the citizens have
been reporting in Mass confrontations
and extensive fire exchange between both
parts there in that area part singly uh
the artillery bombardment continued in
the north of the territory specifically
in a neighborhood with no casualties
still now being re being reported but
emergency workers are still operating on
the ground as they manag to recover two
dead bodies from alage refugee camp and
now they've been prepared for parial all
right T thanks very much for that t
reporting make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer